What’s the furthest away from home you’ve ever been?
When looking back at your youth, what was your silliest fear?
What do you do to counter stress?
What is a passion of yours you’ve yet to act on?
Looking back, what do you admire most about your childhood self?
You’re stranded on a desert island. What’s the one thing you couldn’t live without?
What’s the last dream that you remember?
What categories of trivia are you the best at?
If you could make a guest appearance in a TV show, which show would it be?
When was the last time someone spoiled a film or TV show for you?
What did you get into the most trouble for as a kid?
When you were younger, what did you want to be when you grew up?
If you had to move to a different country, where would you go? What would you miss?
What does your ideal workday look like?
What is the best piece of advice you’ve received?
In your own words, how would you describe what your team does?
What seemingly tiny thing are you especially grateful for?
What’s a part of your job that you particularly enjoy?
What’s one thing you enjoy about your home or neighborhood?
What’s a simple pleasure you enjoyed this week?
What’s one moment of success you experienced this week?
What’s your favorite charitable or non-profit organization? Why?
What do you want to do more of in the new year?
Are you a night owl, early bird, or something in-between?
Where, outside of work, do you get your best ideas?
What distractions prevent you from doing your best work?
When was the last time you were so into your work that time flew by?
Outside of work, what activity makes you lose track of time?
What was a real-life situation where you stood up for someone or something?
What are you excited about this week? What are you worried about?
What would you rather hear first, good news or bad news?
Think of a time when feedback felt like a gift. Why did it feel that way?
Think of a time when feedback was NOT helpful to you. What went wrong?
What is the most interesting or funny event you experienced while at work?
Do you practice any unique traditions?
Do you collect anything?
Do you have any pets?
Do you have any secret talents?
What can you talk about for hours?
What is the coolest place you have ever visited?
What is something you would like to learn?
When are you the happiest?
What is the best meal you have ever eaten?
What is your favorite way to exercise?
What fact about you might surprise people?
What is your strategy to survive a horror movie?
If you won a million dollars, what is the first thing you would buy?
You can learn the answer to one secret from history. Which do you choose?
If your pet could speak English, what do you think they would say?
Have you ever met a celebrity? If not, who would you most like to meet?
What is the funniest misunderstanding that has ever happened to you or someone you know?
What invention would you most like to see in your lifetime?
What is the silliest item you bought or considered buying?
If you could convince the world that you first said one famous quote, which saying would you choose?
Who would you choose to narrate the story of your life?
What songs would make the movie soundtrack of your life?
Besides money, what would you like to win?
What is the best piece of advice you ever received?
What is the nicest thing a stranger ever did for you?
If you could correct one mistake you have made, which one would you choose?
Would you like to be famous? If so in what way?
Given the chance, what kind of book would you like to write?
Would you rather go back in time to talk to your younger self, or receive a message from your older self?
If you could not work in this industry, what other job would you pursue?
If you could regain one object that you lost, what would it be?
What was the best project you have ever worked on?
If you could speak to one person who has died, who would you choose and why?
What do you admire most about your younger self?
What is one item you cannot bear to throw away?
What is your “I wish I had started doing this earlier in my life”?
How do you define success?
What is one book you would recommend that others read?
If you could live a day as any one animal, which one would you choose?
What do you value most in a friendship?
What makes you feel old?
What makes you feel young?
What makes you feel confident?
What makes you feel grateful?
Finish this sentence: “It’s never too late to…”
What is your fondest memory?
What is something you have not told many people?
How do you prefer to receive criticism?
What is one thing you would like to improve about yourself?
What is the hardest or most difficult lesson you have ever learned?
What characteristic do you most admire in others?
What kind of impact do you hope to have in the world?
What do you worry about most often?
What is one opportunity you wish you had taken?
What is one chance you are glad that you took?
What one person has had the greatest impact on your life?
What is a concept that you disagree with, but respect?
What is your favorite part of your home city?
If I visited your city, where is the first place you would take me?
What does your work from home setup look like?
If you could build the perfect at-home office, what would it look like?
If you could work anywhere in the world, where would you choose?
What is your favorite part of working from home?
What is your least favorite part of working from home?
What is the most embarrassing thing that ever happened to you while working from home?
What is your morning routine?
What is your end-of-workday routine?
What is one change that might improve your work from home experience?
Which celebrity would you like to crash our next Zoom meeting?